1) Project Description:
   This project aims to develop a web application catering to college students, offering recipe suggestions based on available ingredients and facilitating playlist creation for cooking sessions. Using the Spoonacular API will provide recipe recommendations, and the Spotify API will correlate playlists with cooking time. The front-end will be built using React.js, and Python for the back-end. The app will utilize SQLite for storing user recipes, ingredient lists, and playlist preferences, and Google OAuth for secure authentication using school email addresses. If we have time we will implement a shared pantry feature for collaborative meal planning and dinner parties.

2) Product Requirements:
Goal: Create a user-friendly web application that suggests recipes and creates cooking playlists.
Non-Goal: Focusing on the ability to easily implement new API’s or functionality before the core project is complete/robust.
Non-functional Requirement 1: Security
Implement OAuth authentication for Spotify login.
Implement Google OAuth for secure authentication using college email addresses.
Non-functional Requirement 2: Repeatability
 Previous searches and their results will be stored locally
Certain Recipes will have the same playlist every time


3) Product Management:
Theme: Simple and intuitive recipes to help college students cook less stressfully.
Epic: Website Beta
User Story 1: As a college student, I want to discover recipes based on the ingredients I have available
Task: Implement Recipe Recommendation System
Ticket 1: Integrate Spoonacular API
Retrieve recipe suggestions based on available ingredients
User Story 2: I want playlists that accompany my meal preparation.
Task: Integrate Spotify API
To create playlists based on cooking time
User Story 3: As a new user, I want to feel comfortable using my Spotify  and Google login on another website.
Task: Use APIs securely
Ticket 1: Safely store environment variables, make sure that our API keys aren’t leaking on the web
Encryption
Use secure storage solutions for APIs and have proper access controls
Only grant minimum access for APIs to accomplish their task and filter out private info when data is returned

Ticket 2: Implement OAuth login for Spotify and Google
User Story 4: As a repeat user, I want to be able to make my past recipes
Task: Make previous recipes repeatable
Ticket 1: Design and create a DB appropriate for storing previous recipe recommendations
Design and create an appropriate DB in SQLITE
Ticket 2: Implement a DB DAO

